chore: update contributing guidelines (#34)
imgix/ix-video: contributing.md

- `feat`: a feature, or breaking change
- `fix`: a bug-fix
- `test`: Adding missing tests or correcting existing tests
- `docs`: documentation only changes (readme, changelog, contributing guide)
- `refactor`: a code change that neither fixes a bug nor adds a feature
- `chore`: reoccurring tasks for project maintainability (example scopes: release, deps)
- `config`: changes to tooling configurations used in the project
- `build`: changes that affect the build system or external dependencies (example scopes: npm, bundler, gradle)
- `ci`: changes to CI configuration files and scripts (example scopes: travis)
- `perf`: a code change that improves performance
- `style`: changes that do not affect the meaning of the code (white-space, formatting, missing semi-colons, etc)

`scope` is optional, and can be anything.
`description` should be a short description of the change, written in the imperative-mood.

### Example workflow

Follow this process if you'd like your work considered for inclusion in the
project:

1. [Fork](http://help.github.com/fork-a-repo/) the project, clone your fork,
   and configure the remotes:

   ```bash
   # Clone your fork of the repo into the current directory

>    git clone git@github.com:<YOUR_USERNAME>/imgix.js.git
>    # Navigate to the newly cloned directory
>    cd imgix.js
>    # Assign the original repo to a remote called "upstream"
>    git remote add upstream https://github.com/imgix/imgix.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   git clone git@github.com:<YOUR_USERNAME>/ix-video.git
   # Navigate to the newly cloned directory
   cd ix-video
   # Assign the original repo to a remote called "upstream"
   git remote add upstream https://github.com/imgix/ix-video
```
